In this lecture I will explain you
how to use TLS on an AWS elastic load balancer.
You can set up cloud specific features,
like TLS termination,
on AWS load balancers that you create in Kubernetes
using services of type load balancer.
So let's say that you create a service
using a YAML file.
This is of type load balancer then you can specify
some cloud specific features if you are on AWS
to, for example, terminate TLS on the load balancer
so that you can use HPS instead of HP for your application.
You can do this using annotations.
This is an example YAML file of a service
and you can see here in bold that you can add annotations
and you can add specific annotations to turn on some flacks
to enable TLS and to do some other configuration.
In this lecture I will go over the possible annotations
for the AWS elastic load balancer, the ELB.
In the next lecture I will show you in a demo
how to configure a certificate
and how to enable then that certificate
using the annotations.
The first four annotations that I want to show you
are all used to enable access logs on the load balancer.
So when you have a load balancer
you can have access logs on them
so every time someone visits your app,
every time there's a hit on the load balancer
then a line will be written to a log
and this log can be pushed to a stream.
You can configure this in the AWS ELB line
but here when you launch it as a service
you should consider it as an annotation.
And these four you can use to specify the interval
which is the first one to enable it or disable it
just to enable the logs,
which would be then true.
You can specify the bucket name and the bucket prefix
to where you want to log to.
You also have to configure some specific permissions
on your bucket if you want to make this work.
So make sure to also have a look at the documentation
in AWS if you want to configure something like this
and you haven't done it before.
You can simply add resource tags, key value pairs,
to your load balancer to then identify them later.
You can use this annotation to
add text to your load balancer.
This annotation specifies the backend protocol to use.
So the backend protocol
is the protocol that your port is using.
Most often this will be HTP,
so the backend protocol will be HTP, which is default.
If you want to encrypt everything
within your cluster overall
it's possible that you enable HPS within your application
and then you would have to change this
from HP to HPS.
For most use cases this will be HTP
because you are already within your cluster.
Traffic is already private,
you often just need to enable HPS on your load balancer.
And that will be the point where you terminate TLS.
AWS load balancer SSL certificate,
this is the certificate ARN.
So this is a string,
a unique string that you have to put there
and that string is a unique identifier
for your SSL certificate.
That's what I'm going to show you in the demo.
AWS load balancer connection draining enabled
and AWS load balancer connection draining timeout.
That this is connection draining,
it's a timeout when the backend node stops
during for example scaling.
And then how long are you going to keep this connection open
so that's clients who still have a connection to that node
can terminate their connection.
They can receive the contact from the app
and then the next request they will just go another node.
So this is important when you have scaling
so that people don't get an error message
and suddenly a node becomes unavailable.
Then the connection timeout is the timeout between
the load balancer and the backend.
Cross zone load balancing,
let's say you have a Kubernetes cluster
that is deployed over multiple zones.
And then you have load balancer in front of that,
then you can also enable cross AZ load balancing.
So one load balancer can then have
an increment client from one zone.
It can still route your request to another zone.
This can be interesting, for example,
if you only have one node in one zone
and five nodes in the other one.
So that's the load balancer would still load balance
over all the six nodes over multiple zones.
And then the AWS load balancer extra security groups
in case you want to add extra security groups
to your load balancer.
If you want to make your load balancer
an internal load balancer
you can set the ELB to internal load balancer
using this annotation.
So you can set the value to true
and then the AWS load balancer will become an internal one.
It will not have a public IP address anymore.
You can enable the proxy protocol,
so if you want to enable the proxy protocol
for this load balancer you can use this annotation.
And you have the AWS load balancer SSL ports
if you want the listener to enable HTTPS
on default or all.
But typically if you only want to enable HTTPS
on your HPS port you would only say 4-4-3
and that is the HPS port.
So then the load balancer will enable HPS
on the SSL port which is 4-4-3.
In the next demo I will use this annotation
and some other annotations to show you
how to terminate TLS on the load balancer.